# Mapping-MTP-to-OWL
This repository contains an automated mapping approach to transform a Module Type Package into a specific capability ontology. 
This ontology consists of several individual ontologies, also called Ontology Design Pattern (ODP).
To learn more about this ontolgy, please refer to the corresponding Github page. (https://github.com/hsu-aut/Industrial-Standard-Ontology-Design-Patterns) 
Each ODP is built upon an existing industry standard or norm. The mapping is formulated in the RML language. (https://rml.io/) 
This mapping language offers the possibility to use predefined expressions. 
Thus the mapping can be generated by TripleMaps. XPath is used to address the contents of the MTP. 

# Usage:
This section describes how the mapping tool can be used.
First a new project must be opened in a Java editor like Eclipse.
Within this project several input files are needed:

- The MTP (In this case it is called Manifest_Mischmodul.ttl )
- The State Machine Template (adapted from ISA88) (In this case it is called StateMachineJavaInput.ttl)
- The Mapping Script (In this case it is called mapping.ttl)

These files must be located in the path /src/main/resources/. 
If you want to map a different MTP than the example , the file name of the MTP must be adjusted in /src/main/java/XPathReplace.java in line 49.
The output of the mapping can be taken from the path /src/main/resources/Output/MappingOutput.ttl.
Within the mapping script, the file path of the MTP must also be adjusted for each TripleMap in the rml:source.

